Assignment name: Final Project 
TCSS 305B: Programming Practicum, Autumn 2013

Name: Ben Foster
UWNetID: benf94
Subversion Revision Number: 34

Technical Impression:

Starting off, I felt that this assignment was going to be relatively easy. It didn't take me very long to make the frame and it also didn't take me very long to get everything generating. Although what took me the most time on this assignment was trying to get them to infect each other. I kept trying to go over how to do it in my head because I felt like there was an easier way to check and see if they were infected than going through each array list every timer tick. Since that seemed like a lot of information to sort through, I didn't think that the computer would be able to handle doing that every tenth of a second. After a couple of hours of banging my head against the wall, I broke down and ended up searching through each array list. The only thing that is bothering me is that I didn't actually use the compareTo method or the equals method as they were defined. I ended up making a compareToEquals method which checked if they were sick and also checked their locations, so I felt that this method was much easier than using the compareTo and the equals method separately. Another thing that I changed was the extra credit part where the JOptionPane was supposed to show up once the stop button was clicked or once there were no more healthy birds or humans. I decided to change that into just being a save button that is only enabled when the animation is stopped or when there are no more healthy humans or healthy birds. I changed this feature because I felt as though it would be annoying to the user if a JOptionPane popped up every time they stopped the animation or every time the birds and humans became infected. So, the button still has the same functionality and it can still only be accessed at the same times, but now it is accessed at the users choice rather than the programmers choice. I am proud of the fact that I was able to complete this final assignment mainly on my own and with as much time to spare as I had. I definitely had enough time after completing the assignment to check over everything three and even four times to make sure that I was doing everything correctly and that there were no bugs that I am aware of. I am also extremely proud of the fact that I only had about two or three check style errors. I was able to get rid of pretty much every error that came up except when I had to pass more than eight arguments into a constructor. I do realize now that I could have possibly created child classes in order to get rid of these errors but decided that I should just ignore it for now. While it didn't take very long to actually make the frame, it did take a little time trying to get everything to be positioned correctly on the frame, especially since I didn't want to use absoulte positioning seeing as how I now knew how to use layout managers. At first, I had created a frame that would have been based off of the users computer screen. I eventually had to change a lot of it to match the parameters that you had provided in your code. Otherwise, my program would have been much bigger and would have had a lot more to deal with so, in that case, it would have ran much, much slower than the program that ended up being written. It was because of that thought though that I was trying to think of other ways to compare everything rather than going through multiple array lists every tenth of a second. I do feel that after getting past how to infect everything, the task that took up the most time in total was going through and doing all the javadoc comments and fixing all the check style errors.  I also noticed how you had written the code for AbstractEntity to include the extension ideas and thought that was very generous. All in all, I really enjoyed this assignment and I am excited to begin coding my own things over the break and in the future.
